then came the daughters of Zelophehad
then came the daughters of Zelophehad the son of Haifa the son of Gilead the
the son of Haifa the son of Gilead the
the son of Haifa the son of Gilead the son of maker the son of Manasseh from
son of maker the son of Manasseh from
son of maker the son of Manasseh from the families of Manasseh the son of
the families of Manasseh the son of
the families of Manasseh the son of Joseph and these were the names of his
Joseph and these were the names of his
Joseph and these were the names of his daughters malla
daughters malla
daughters malla Noah Hagler milker and Tessa and they
Noah Hagler milker and Tessa and they
Noah Hagler milker and Tessa and they stood before Moses before Eleazar the
stood before Moses before Eleazar the
stood before Moses before Eleazar the priest and before the leaders and all
priest and before the leaders and all
priest and before the leaders and all the congregation by the doorway of the
the congregation by the doorway of the
the congregation by the doorway of the tabernacle of meeting saying our father
tabernacle of meeting saying our father
tabernacle of meeting saying our father died in the wilderness but he was not in
died in the wilderness but he was not in
died in the wilderness but he was not in the company of those who gathered
the company of those who gathered
the company of those who gathered together against the Lord in company
together against the Lord in company
together against the Lord in company with Cobra but he died in his own sin
with Cobra but he died in his own sin
with Cobra but he died in his own sin and he had no sons why should the name
and he had no sons why should the name
and he had no sons why should the name of our father be removed from among his
of our father be removed from among his
of our father be removed from among his family because he had no son
family because he had no son
family because he had no son give us a possession among our fathers
give us a possession among our fathers
give us a possession among our fathers brothers so Moses brought their case
brothers so Moses brought their case
brothers so Moses brought their case before the Lord and the Lord spoke to
before the Lord and the Lord spoke to
before the Lord and the Lord spoke to Moses the daughters of Zelophehad
Moses the daughters of Zelophehad
Moses the daughters of Zelophehad speak what is right you shall surely
speak what is right you shall surely
speak what is right you shall surely give them a possession of inheritance
give them a possession of inheritance
give them a possession of inheritance among their fathers brothers and caused
among their fathers brothers and caused
among their fathers brothers and caused the inheritance of their father to pass
the inheritance of their father to pass
the inheritance of their father to pass to them and you shall speak to the
to them and you shall speak to the
to them and you shall speak to the children of Israel saying if a man dies
children of Israel saying if a man dies
children of Israel saying if a man dies and has no son
and has no son
and has no son then you shall cause his inheritance to
then you shall cause his inheritance to
then you shall cause his inheritance to pass to his daughter if he has no
pass to his daughter if he has no
pass to his daughter if he has no daughter then you shall give his
daughter then you shall give his
daughter then you shall give his inheritance to his brothers
inheritance to his brothers
inheritance to his brothers if he has no brothers then you shall
if he has no brothers then you shall
if he has no brothers then you shall give his inheritance to his father's
give his inheritance to his father's
give his inheritance to his father's brothers and if his father has no
brothers and if his father has no
brothers and if his father has no brothers then you shall give his
brothers then you shall give his
brothers then you shall give his inheritance to the relative closest to
inheritance to the relative closest to
inheritance to the relative closest to him in his family and he shall possess
him in his family and he shall possess
him in his family and he shall possess it
it
it and it shall be to the children of
and it shall be to the children of
and it shall be to the children of Israel a statute of judgment just as the
Israel a statute of judgment just as the
Israel a statute of judgment just as the LORD commanded Moses now the Lord said
LORD commanded Moses now the Lord said
LORD commanded Moses now the Lord said to Moses go up into this mount averin
to Moses go up into this mount averin
to Moses go up into this mount averin and see the land which I have given to
and see the land which I have given to
and see the land which I have given to the children of Israel and when you have
the children of Israel and when you have
the children of Israel and when you have seen it you also shall be gathered to
seen it you also shall be gathered to
seen it you also shall be gathered to your people as Aaron your brother was
your people as Aaron your brother was
your people as Aaron your brother was gathered for in the wilderness of zin
gathered for in the wilderness of zin
gathered for in the wilderness of zin during the strife of the congregation
during the strife of the congregation
during the strife of the congregation you rebelled against my command
you rebelled against my command
you rebelled against my command to hallow me at the waters before their
to hallow me at the waters before their
to hallow me at the waters before their eyes these are the waters of Meribah at
eyes these are the waters of Meribah at
eyes these are the waters of Meribah at kadish in the wilderness of zin and
kadish in the wilderness of zin and
kadish in the wilderness of zin and Moses spoke to the Lord let the Lord the
Moses spoke to the Lord let the Lord the
Moses spoke to the Lord let the Lord the God of the spirits of all flesh
God of the spirits of all flesh
God of the spirits of all flesh seven men over the congregation who may
seven men over the congregation who may
seven men over the congregation who may go out before them and go in before them
go out before them and go in before them
go out before them and go in before them who may lead them out and bring them in
who may lead them out and bring them in
who may lead them out and bring them in that the congregation of the Lord may
that the congregation of the Lord may
that the congregation of the Lord may not be like sheep which have no shepherd
not be like sheep which have no shepherd
not be like sheep which have no shepherd take Joshua the son of nun with you a
take Joshua the son of nun with you a
take Joshua the son of nun with you a man in whom is the spirit and lay your
man in whom is the spirit and lay your
man in whom is the spirit and lay your hand on him set him before Eleazar the
hand on him set him before Eleazar the
hand on him set him before Eleazar the priest and before all the congregation
priest and before all the congregation
priest and before all the congregation and inaugurate him in their sight and
and inaugurate him in their sight and
and inaugurate him in their sight and you shall give some of your authority to
you shall give some of your authority to
you shall give some of your authority to him that all the congregation of the
him that all the congregation of the
him that all the congregation of the children of Israel may be obedient he
children of Israel may be obedient he
children of Israel may be obedient he shall stand before Eleazar the priest
shall stand before Eleazar the priest
shall stand before Eleazar the priest who shall inquire before the Lord for
who shall inquire before the Lord for
who shall inquire before the Lord for him by the judgment of the yeren at his
him by the judgment of the yeren at his
him by the judgment of the yeren at his word they shall go out and at his word
word they shall go out and at his word
word they shall go out and at his word they shall come in he and all the
they shall come in he and all the
they shall come in he and all the children of Israel with him all the
children of Israel with him all the
children of Israel with him all the congregation so Moses did as the LORD
congregation so Moses did as the LORD
congregation so Moses did as the LORD commanded him
commanded him
commanded him he took Joshua and set him before
he took Joshua and set him before
he took Joshua and set him before Eleazar the priest and before all the
Eleazar the priest and before all the
Eleazar the priest and before all the congregation and he laid his hands on
congregation and he laid his hands on
congregation and he laid his hands on him and inaugurated him just as the LORD
him and inaugurated him just as the LORD
him and inaugurated him just as the LORD commanded by the hand of Moses